This practice or test session, that you've just begun, has been carefully designed so that you will benefit from repetition of it, no matter how good and fast you already are. It reinforces speed-typing of the most common "chunkable" short sentence fragments in American English (aka "n-grams"), the correct spellings of commonly misspelled words, and the correct usage of the most misused homophones. The top 100 words in general are also included, as are all the capital letters, symbols and numbers, and common alternating and rolling hand patterns for all the top keyboard layouts. The natural-flowing but otherwise mostly meaningless paragraphs are designed to reward reading ahead whole words and phrases. For maximum training effectiveness, go as slow as necessary to achieve 95% to 98% accuracy overall - with about 10% of that time, going as fast as you possibly can until you make a mistake. The primary goal is to reinforce the neural pathways of accuracy. The secondary goal is to learn and fortify the muscle memory of high-speed typing motions, which can only be learned and mastered at actual high speed - but is generally contrary or at least orthogonal to the goal of accuracy. This is why accuracy is so important (and most tests heavily penalize WPM score for errors). So on a personal level, don't consider a score "passing" unless it's >=95% accuracy. The final goal is to build and buttress "chunk memories" of long strung-together phrases that your brain eventually stores and executes as single blobs of language and fine-motor movements. While typing, try to move your fingers as little as possible, and type very gently to maximize speed while minimizing long-term RSI. (It's tempting to bang very hard on the keys while typing fast, but that's completely unnecessary for speed, and can be extremely detrimental for long-term pain-free typing.) Cruising breaks are sprinkled throughout, for mental rests while maintaining score, starting with the next paragraph. Go!

Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. Sphinx of black quartz, judge my vow.

A number of individuals did not want to be on the side of the highly disorganized committee, at the foot of the city in the morning. Believe that it was one of the assassination flops - completely independent of the forty fredlegs in the area - and that it had nothing to do with the direction of the group program. Comfort food alone cannot heal his fractured heel, so he'll probably need to go to the emergency room to get it checked out, unless he did not know what the United States of America did to friedleglets. Dogs apparently may not be able to truly be part of the fluffy guard at the far end of the muon flam farm.

Now is the time for all good women to come to the aid of their homeland.

Education is at the head of the scant dilemma at the bottom of the persistent question, and at the same time it's going to be the first time that the others had a muppet at the head of the glamorous company since knowledge went poof. Force in the history of business, in the midst of a darling party with a foreign friend, will not be able to provide you with wise counsel when speaking to the town council. Government, in principle, should provide support for every school principal (except the ones with a tendency to surprise their father-in-law); and should also encourage homeowners to pay off their mortgage principal.

Now is the time for all good dogs to come to the aid of their star.

He shook his head from side to side in disgust, after having swung at the ball and missed, in part because the thick mist made it too hard to see. I am beginning to get back to the end of the fluff, for the first time in the middle of the last calendar millennium. Job day had not been by the book for the rest of the war, when from time to time the environment had finally changed. Ladybugs might be able to eliminate an aphid or mite infestation from your garden. Kind fritters do not live at the top of the food chain, instead they dart about back and forth, like a little mouse in a tiny house, as if they were above the law.

Now is the time for all good ants to come to the aid of their hill.

Congratulations on finishing!
